[Playing guitar]
They don't want to hear it, would they?
Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Shriver.
I'm sitting with James Harkin, Andy Murray, Ann Miller, and a special guest today.
It's Victoria Coron Mitchell, who joins us because our three elves have been on only connect,
battling it out in the big competition. They've got their quarter final match coming up this
Monday, the 23rd of February, and so we thought we'd get Victoria into...
To reveal how little she knows. The elves' possible exit from the series, I understand.
Don't worry, it cuts both ways. You can laugh at what I don't know.
Yeah, okay, so once again, we have gathered around with our four favorite facts from the last seven
days, and in no particular order, here we go, starting with Victoria.
My fact is that the actor Charles Hortry hoarded bedsteads in his house,
thinking that one day he would make his fortune from them.
That's so good. Okay, Charles Hortry, massive British comedy actor,
carry-on films. That was a big thing for him.
Charles Hortry was particularly known for the carry-on films. I don't know if he ever did anything else.
He had a very particular acting style. Let's just say it was good news for him that the carry-on
films came along. He had a wonderful and extremely talented, very funny man.
I don't know if people clamored to see his hamlet. He and Clint Eastwood weren't vying on the same
roles, but if people have seen the carry-on films, yes, he's the sort of slender camp fellow in
the glasses. Yeah, I wonder if he thought they were they really expensive bedpoles, do we think, or what?
How are the collections started? I don't know. I mean, I like to think maybe he one day accidentally
bought two bedsets when he started one. I might as well start a collection now, and he's come up with that.
I mean, he did like a drink. That is a thing that's sort of about Charles Hortry. He did. So it's
possible that the original bedstead hoarding fortune wheeze was hatched in a moment, not entire,
so bright. But you sober up at some point, don't you? Yeah, well, I don't know if he did ever,
but probably he's sobered up thought, what am I doing with all these, but I have a drink and
work at home in a rid of them. And then he gets drunk and I think this is fantastic. Look at this
collection. I need more. Maybe that's what it was. Or it's a brilliant idea. So I've got some money,
I'll buy a drink. No, I'll buy a bedstead. It's an investment for the future, and I can look at it
in my house. Maybe that was a good idea. Every time I want to have a drink, I won't, I'll buy a bedstead.
That was a meeting plan. Yeah, it was a long time ago. Step three. You were supposed to be quite
miserly, wasn't he? Charles Hortry, I read. Apparently, he brought sacks of carrots from
Yorkshire to Kent, because they were cheaper to buy in Yorkshire, and then he would bring them all
down south. This is for his own personal use. Just for his own, yeah, to eat. And also he kept his
money in the Royal Bank of Scotland, because he thought that scots were more likely to look after his
cash carefully. Wow. Well, had he lived a little longer, he would have been thoroughly disability
to that action. It's quite a good idea. It's miserliness, though. Miserliness is quite a good
voice. There's something quite sweet and old-fashioned to probably about it, of the things that can
be wrong with people. I read a sentence about Charles Hortry, which I like so much. So the first half
isn't fun, but it picks up a lot. From there, he spiraled into reclusion and paranoid fantasies,
buying a cottage on the south coast and filling it with brass bedsteads and rent boys,
one of whom burnt it down after Hortry wanted to pay by check.
You see, now that's where a brass bedsteads are a better investment than, for example,
first voluose of Shakespeare, because if a rent boy is in a burning house, then act a payment revenge.
It's the bedsteads that then come out on skate. It's just going to be ashes everywhere and hundreds
of beds. You don't see it, you're believing in the remains, the bedsteads. His checkbook stub
must have been amazing, because you have a little stub, don't you, to write what you've been spending
the money on. Oh, yeah, no. So it's just like bedstead, bedstead, red boy, bedstead. He was quite
mature, though, Charles, there's nothing I read about him. I don't know very much about him at all.
He was just a big fan of him in the films, but that he used to get drunken play cards on set.
I mean, that does make you think of sort of all of a read, or what, but Mischem, or something.
I mean, he's got like a drunken gambling card playing actor. You don't think of Charles Hortry,
do you think of him sort of sorting out his kind of butterfly connection. But no, so I wonder if
that, you know, that his carry on persona was just completely fabricated. Yeah, yeah.
Okay, some stuff on collections, and things like that. There's a guy called Chevalier Jackson
who collects things that he retrieves from people's throats.
He's a surgeon. Actually, he's dead now. He's an old surgeon. So he has nails and bolts and
binoculars, and a medallion that says, "Carry me for good luck."
That's right, binoculars. Yeah, probably miniature. Yeah, I think I caught many, wasn't they?
I don't know if you were good. Oh, miniature. Oh, yes, we're like, that you're always swallowing.
Why would you? Actually, I've never seen a set of binoculars so small that I've thought of myself,
I could swallow that. Yeah. I think you get ones that you can fold up as well, can't you?
Yes, I don't know. Just fold up and tuck in your cheeks.
What was the thing about cheeks and hamsters that you found?
Oh, um, the hamster, the x-rayed hamster while I was eating, so they stuffed their fridge into
these pouches. Their pouches go all the way back to their hips. When they shove the food in,
they just shove it and shove it in the hamster pouch because all the way back to their hips,
yeah, they greedy things. That's extraordinary. That's where their legs are.
Yeah, I would think that's where I assume they'd be, but I thought that's what you would have
hit bones. I would say. Yeah, whales have hit bones, which I'm not sure if we've mentioned on this
book. No, I don't think we have. Well, we also have got hit bones. And also sometimes they'll grow
legs like a kind of a vestigial leg from the side of the body. Was it whales? Yeah, so we knew they
came on land at some point. Yeah. We didn't like it when back to the sea. Yeah. I still can't
get my head around that. I don't know. And then we're like, nah. So this guy is Chevalier Jackson.
He says that parents who feed peanuts to children without molars should be hung drawn and
quatted. He's very, you know, very serious about not putting things down children's throats basically.
He says people should chew their milk by which he means, yeah, you put it in your mouth and you
swish it around so saliva can get around it and then you could drink it. Do you, to many people,
well, I suppose he would know, would people, you wouldn't choke on milk. I don't think it is off milk.
He refused to cheer on his football team as he thought he would damage his larynx. And he only ever
at postage stamp size sandwiches for lunch. How many did he have? Well, they huge stamps that he
had. It was a tiny slice of bread with a single lettuce leaf in between. There's another guy,
a librarian called Graham Barker. He has the world record for collecting belly button fluff.
How hotly contested is this record? I don't imagine there are many submissions every year.
Well, it's true. Does he turn up and defend his title? Well, he's been doing it for 26 years. So if
you want to start now, it'll be a long time before you catch up. Is it all his own? It's all his own.
I mean, I reckon you could beat the record pretty quickly with the door to door round.
You could do a Kickstarter for it. So this guy, Graham Barker, who says he is not obsessive,
vows to continue until he is no longer capable. He says he harvests it every night and places it
in a clay pot. Harvests. Because normally harvests provide nice things like grain.
I think it's an annual harvest festival. I've been whole-sing celebratory songs.
I think probably the latest, the new thing to collect is data about yourself. That's the huge trend,
doesn't it? People have charts, you know, you can wear smart watches and things that measure your
blood flow and your energy and your calories and your expenditure and every, yeah, your steps,
everything can be just laid out so neatly. It's hard to imagine anyone wanting to buy that off
you in the future though. But maybe that'll be instead of the collected letters, it'll be the
collected Glucos expenditure of PG Woodhouse or whatever we'll see in shops. Do you have the last
thing Charles Ortry did? No. He threw a vase at his nurse who asked for an autograph. That was his last
act. But if he's dying, you shouldn't really bother a pro man. I mean, he said it was an autograph,
it was an old ruffle bottle of his paper that said I leave my nurse everything. Okay, time for fact
number two. That is James. Okay, my fact this week is that in 1937, you could visit
Romford Dogtrak and watch Cheetahs racing. You don't mean people who've been taking dope?
No, and this was a guy an explorer called Kenneth Gandar Dawa who brought a dozen Cheetahs from Kenya
to the UK so that they could watch and race and bet on the outcome. Surely it's difficult to get a
Cheetah to chase an electric rabbit. Yeah, that was a problem actually. They did find that was the
problem. Yeah, I mean the thing would be to release prey. Yeah, that was a problem. Basically,
they weren't really interested in racing and so it only happened twice and they just gave it
it. Wow. The amazing thing about this fact, which you told me was that it was at this point that
they realised Greyhounds weren't the fastest animal. Yeah, until that it was thought in Britain at
least that Greyhounds were the fastest animals in the world. But then they brought the Cheetahs in
and they just shaved so much time off their records that they realised that the Cheetahs were faster.
Well, the Cheetahs they could hit 68 miles an hour. Sorry, 65 miles an hour and 43 for the
for the Greyhounds. I think they can go up to about 100 kilometers an hour. Right. It was often
thought that that was impossible and maybe it was a myth because it was only one ever
study that ever proved that. But then they've started putting tracking devices on
Colors on Cheetahs in the wild and they found that it is true after all. Oh, they were saying as
well, and I don't understand this, but they're saying that Cheetahs, when they accelerate,
they change gears like the like a car changing gears as they're running. They suddenly just, yeah,
they go into a different stride at different gates and yeah, it's not that they change gears
mid. It's brilliant, yeah. It's kind of like a horse like walking that, was it walking that trots
than the gallops and counters, but like you see. But so they were saying with Greyhounds, it's what they
do is they they then change the number of steps that they take as they're running and that picks up
the speed whereas Greyhounds take exactly the same number of steps no matter how fast they're going.
So the feet just get like crazy fast. They don't understand. Like a cartoon. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
It doesn't sound incredibly glamorous. I've not been to a few dub tracks. It's not a glamorous
one. It's not like that one. It's amazing. Cheetahs though. Yeah. That is quite James Bond.
That's very biggest. It is. It's so very good. This guy, kind of Gandhadao was quite glamorous
himself. He once brought a male cheater on a leash into Queen's Club. Whatever Queen's Club is,
I don't know what that is. The tennis club. Oh, yeah, probably is. Yeah, yeah. And it was rubbish.
It didn't return a single serve. It was very fast, but when it got to the ball, it killed three
ball boys. The other thing is that they couldn't negotiate tight bends. The cheetahs apparently,
like Greyhounds can. I read that they just cut the corners. Yeah, ironically, making them cheetahs
in the race. And then we're marketed as Katzvi dogs, which is such a great idea.
Are they racing against Greyhounds? Yeah, sometimes. So you'd have five Greyhounds and then one cheetah.
And so the Greyhounds, I think, all chased after that. And then the cheetah did it a couple of times,
but then I quickly realised this is a mechanical hair. Yeah. There's nothing else.
The Greyhounds are not freaking out. That there was a cheetah next to them on the track.
They'll be petrifying. But what happened? The cheetah would often kind of just stay at the back and
be like, I'm not really bothered. And then something would catch its eye. And then it would speed up
and then go miles faster than the Greyhounds. So it'd be like a proper underdog victory,
you know, like in a movie. Right. Right at the back of the... This would be, this would be the movie
if you were having this. But if you knew that a race was going to be, you know, five dogs at a cheetah,
the thing to do is in the car on the way to have a friendly bet with a person who would say,
"Listen, I'm going to take track seven. I just, I love it. I just, I want to track five. I'm lucky then."
And have the long and personal be all right, because obviously they've got, if they've got
six spots and you've got one, you're in great trouble. So you'd have the bet. And then when you've
got there and they saw it was a cheetah, they'd feel tricked and then you'd sell a bet back to them for
a huge sum. And then the dogs would all race off and the cheetah would go, "Well, I can't be bothered."
I mean, that's a win-win. It's what they could go in all green. You're in your betting and laying
at the same time. So you're every outcome is successful. You could definitely negotiate a position
where you're winning whatever, just because you know there's a cheetah in the race. And visit that
thing about winning both way. They've read about this guy called Brian Zembek, who bet his friend
Brian Zembek. He bet his pal $100,000 that he would get breast implants for a year. And he did it.
But he still has them. This was about eight years ago. But this was the moronic thing about
what? This is what I want to say to Brian Zembek. Exactly the kind of proposition bet you have to
never take, prop bets, which is, you know, on certain sort of outcomes that might be under
persons control. You can take weight loss bet, you know, certain sort of thing. Whether or not
someone will get breast implants, he just will get them. You know, bet me, I won't do that. I think
this is a ridiculous rule. Because I think what happened here basically is they've paid him to do
it, haven't they? Because like you say, if you give him enough money, he will do it. And they've just
found the price that you do. You have a lot of that. Yes, I want a better guy, but it's not really a
bet. James Dempsey, Flushy, they call him. It's a very good poker player. But I had, as it were,
a bet with him that he wouldn't turn up to the world series of poker, wearing an outfit that
I'd selected for him from the mall. And he accepts the bet. But these we both knew, I knew I can't
remember what we bet $500 maybe. I knew he would wear anything for the money. And he knew that I was
happy to pay for him to see him walk into the room dressed in, you know, I just had a fantastic
afternoon go around the hall by terrible sort of glittering hats. And I didn't go for something
really outlandish like, you know, a costume. I went for something that would make him look like a real
tosser. So I think it was like a t-shirt with a straight flush on it. That sort of vagus tourist hat.
But also he also had to factor in, you know, it's a $10,000 tournament and he needs to have the sort of
peace of mind just sit down like that and have everyone think he's a really idiot and play anyway.
But that's a different because there's probably, you know, the famous one, the ones are always great
at the sort of the trickster gamblers, like Titanic Thompson and, you know, Amarillo Slim and people
who tricked people into bets that weren't really what they sounded like. So the famous, for example,
Titanic Thompson, once, you know, he bet with a guy, there was a watermelon truck was going past and
he bet how many, oh, I reckon there's, you know, 40 watermelons on that truck. The other guy said,
you know, 100. But of course Thompson had paid the man to drive past that and vote for the watermelons
on the truck. Or Amarillo Slim had a lot of them. He had a bet once, you know, he bet a golfer
that he could hit a golf ball further than him and the guy he'd never met this person. He's like,
what kind of idiot is this nibbett? And Slim said, you know, I'm choosing the golf course, that's fine.
And, you know, but they chose their own course. So the golfer picked his favourite course, he hit the ball
and then they went to Slim's choice and it was a frozen lake. Of course, he's over here at the ball
and it sort of skitted for miles, miles, miles, miles. And that kind of thing, that's rather beautiful.
Yeah. You know, someone's just been done. They haven't looked at the small print.
Okay, that's enough facts. Let's have an advert.
All right. This is to remind you that today's instalment of no such thing as a fish is sponsored
by Squarespace, the website building website builder that makes it very easy to build a website.
They have beautiful templates 24/7 support and e-commerce, which means your work will speak for
itself. So you can give your story a voice at squarespace.com. And if you use the offer called Fish,
you'll save 10% of your order. 10%. 10%. Do we have any facts about 10%? 10% of people are left
handed. Give me a take. Oh, yeah. Is that right? Yeah. Well, I'm with the show, eh?
On that bombshell. Okay. Time for fact number three, and that is end.
Yep. In 2010, the US military built a supercomputer out of 1,760 PS3s. Wow. How is that even possible?
Um, it's not okay. It's not possible anymore. They basically got really lucky. It's basically
Sony did an upgrade. So you can't mess with places. It's really lucky. Sorry. What were they?
They bought the PlayStation. They're like, I'm just going to do it and we'll see what happens.
There's no method to this. It was a land party that got out of hand. Yeah. And then yeah. So basically,
they wanted to build a super computer. And at the time, PlayStation 3's cost $400. But the equivalent
computing power will be $10,000 each. And they needed obviously $1,660. It's quite a lot. So they got
these PlayStation's wired them up together and they hacked them. So they're all joined together
and they're running off Linux, which is rather than running on PlayStation games. And then yeah,
it's using the US military. They're using it to track stuff. And it was what they definitely was
either that or someone said to that department, I see you've ordered $1,760 PS3s. Super computer?
Yeah. No. Yeah. That's because we're making a super computer. They had to do it. It would have
been really. But when they did it, it was the 33rd biggest computer in the world when they
completed it. Really? I saw a list of the 500 fastest super computers in the world. And the number
one is called Tiana2, it's in China. And that means Milky Way. Because it can do as many calculations
per second as there are stars in the Milky Way. But the interesting thing I thought is it's been number
one for four years. It's a lot faster than one below it as well. Yeah. But you would kind of think
that because of Marslaura or whatever, that it would they would get faster and faster. But this one
has been number one for all that time. The other thing I love about that list is that a lot of
super computers sound like they belong on Gladiators. So there's like, I went down. So there's Titan,
Vulcan, Lightning, Vulcan, Shadow, Crystal, Macman, Maverick, and Super computer system for
statistical science, I. He was a great Gladiator. I want to hear a word again soon. Also the 190 second
most powerful super computer is called Gordon. Good, it's a good solid name. The famous one is Watson,
isn't it? Who won? Yeah. jeopardy a few years ago if you remember that. He obviously doesn't do that
anymore. And so he's now making, he's working as a chef coming up with new dishes. So he takes all of
the different, all the different dishes and all the different ingredients and he mixes them up and
supposedly uses his intelligence to make new dishes. I bet they're awful. Terrible. And how does that
differ from a seven-year-old? Well, it differs in that. It can't do it very well. And a seven-year-old
probably can. There was an article in New Scientist and they tried to get some of the dishes that it had.
One of them, a creme fraiche, had been replaced by a glass of milk. And another one, the tuna bake
had replaced a tuna with a kilo of goose meat. No one ever wants even a small amount of goose meat these
two. I was watching Watson's actually appearance in jeopardy and everyone's like, oh, he makes a
gap two minutes in because he's, Watson repeats the same answer to someone else they're already given.
That's right. But we're still beaten by a machine. I would let that one slide. Yeah. And they can
presumably, computers can make a limited number of gaps at the moment. They can't be involved in a
race scandal. That's one more note we'll have artificial intelligence is when the first computer is
forth to resign over an indiscreet late-night tweet. I started looking into PlayStation. So, okay,
here's a really odd thing I found out. Grand Theft Auto. I don't know if you guys know that. Yeah,
is it? Okay. So Grand Theft Auto 5, officially so far, just up until this point now, is the most
successful franchise ever. Thank you very much. One of my friends is Harry Potter and that
game. They Grand Theft Auto 5 when they released it on the opening 24 hours, it's sold 500
million copies. What? 500 million pounds worth of copies. Yeah, not 500 million copies. Everyone
person in 12. Yeah, yeah. Everyone in the world. Wow. And that makes it officially the biggest
franchise. I saw something great yesterday. You know Playmobile, these little, yeah,
these little plastic ties. The fastest selling Playmobile of all time came out last week and it was
a Martin Luther Playmobile tie. Martin Luther. Oh wait, no. Martin Luther, they're the stream protestant.
Yeah, that's the one. Yeah. It was released to mark the 500th anniversary of the publication of
95 feces on the power and elasticity of indulgencies and they sold 34,000 in 72 hours. I've got six.
Yeah, I love them. Why is Playmobile doing a celebratory Martin Luther 16, very doll? I mean, do they do a
lot of, they're in their brand, or just someone they're absolutely bloody lovely. The new chief executives,
a massive fan of Martin Luther. You're a great, great nephew. I like the new Farmyard Range, but
I make a million plastic tidal Bible Translations. And it's worked. It's amazing. I know. I saw an
amazing, there's a movie shop around the corner in Covent Garden and they have all the kind of, you
know, just classic movie merchandise toys, a lot of action figures. And there's an Apollo 13 toy
there and Apollo 13 is my favorite movie. And it's a car that appears in the movie. I just thought
who the hell is buying the car completed. Apollo 13, the one with Tom Hanks goes to space. Yes.
Is your favourite film of all the films that were ever made. Wait, wait, wait, don't ask him for his
top five, because it gets worse. I thought your favourite was grown-ups too.
Growing-ups too. Mean girls. No, Apollo 13, because I love the story. I just think it's the
greatest story. But your favourite ever. That's I remember a poll once coming out about the greatest
albums of all time. And number two was the White Album from The Beatles. Number one was Stars by
Simply Red. And maybe when people vote in these things, you literally have just written down
the last album you bought, haven't you? That's a great question though. When's the last time you
heard Stars by Simply Red? Because that was a fantastic album. My favourite album is just a recording
of Martin Luther. Play it every day. Maybe they've looked at Lego with the blame-of-beel thing,
and they've thought, because Lego have diversified so much and robots and all this stuff.
You can buy Lego UN building. Where you can just sort of have meetings in it. That's brilliant.
In the 50s, there was a Barbie who came with a book, which said don't eat on the cover.
Seriously, yeah. I think it was a dieting Barbie or it was a model Barbie, I mean, it was super
computers. The world's fastest supercomputer, who I mentioned earlier, uses 99% of its volume to
to keep it cool. Correct. I didn't go to the Museum of Computing. So I was like, oh yes,
is that where you found this fact? Yeah, I went to the National Museum of Computing
in Bletchley last weekend and it was so so incredible. Everyone's free. It's half an hour of London,
it's amazing. And they've got Colossus, which actually runs. They let it run and we were
watched it go. They've got, which is that all this computer, that you could see being programmed.
So as it does, it's functions. You see all the different bits lighting up and making worry noises.
They've got this amazing computer memory from the 60s. It's like all like crates of memory,
and it's worth like 20 bytes. And it's just, yeah, so amazing. I always think it's a bit sad,
the way the first great thing invented in some field is so rubbish. I think it's sad. It's like
seeing old very old buildings, which were the absolute, you know, they were the best thing in defense
500 years ago. So you know that to your first boyfriend, isn't it? Anything? The time, that's so
exciting. So I wanted to send me a Valentine's card, and you go, wow, but then you look at the later
upgrades. Yeah. How did I? Yeah. We had Buzz Aldrin on Museum of Curiosity. And there was this
amazing moment where we gave him one of those singing birthday cards. And he was, you know,
as a Wallace and Gromit one. He just opened it. And the point that we had for him to hold this and
open it was that there was more computing power in that card than there was in the lunar module.
You're just trying to make him feel bad about himself. Well, yeah, he was pretty pissed up with that.
He threw the card up to the table. He went, "Can this card land on the moon?"
Okay, sorry. Yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, it can. You just have to put it in. Yeah.
And it can. I'm not just making it feel worse, but
my other favorite video game fat is that in 2014, a Goldfish played Pokemon. What?
And totally going to trade out the office Goldfish. Yeah, I don't know what that sentence means.
So, Pokemon's a video game where you do your own Pokemon like in the 90s, a little Goldfish
didn't play it. No, it did. It did. It did. It didn't. I think it knew what it was doing. They put it
in his hang. And it had a webcance. If it swam left, the character went left. If you went right,
the character went right. And finally, after the first few hours, it was reported that Goldfish had
chosen his first Pokemon, a Charmander. He'd named it A-A-A-B-B-K, and won a fight against a Squirtle.
Maybe it was like Pokemon. Maybe it knew. It was swimming about. But it's not got any hands, so it
would need some sort of motion detection. And that's probably right. Inside its head, it was going
damn my lack of hands. I would have chosen the better name, and A-A-B-B-K. My name is Terence.
I crave Pokemon. Okay, time for our final fact, and that is Andy. My fact is that in 1552,
a man in England managed to shoot himself to death with a bow and arrow, which I think
is a Darwin award before the fact. How on earth is that even possible?
Well, his name was Pert, Henry Pert, and he was a gentleman. He lived in Nottinghamshire,
and he was trying to fire an arrow straight up in the air. History doesn't record why, unfortunately.
But he drew the bow to its full extent, and then the arrow lodged. And while he was leaning over
to look, it managed to un-lodge itself, and he died the next day, unfortunately, for him. The next day.
I mean, he didn't, yeah, I mean, it's quite an achievement because obviously with handguns,
you know, accidents happen. But with a bow and arrow, you have to be doing it quite badly wrong
to kill yourself that way. Yeah. But that's the thing. Coroners in the Middle Ages have
recorded 56 accidental deaths from people at Archery who were standing too close to the targets,
or who just went and collected arrows at the wrong time, which had already been fired.
I think it's a bit unfair to say that the people were standing too close to the targets.
It's more the guy who shot didn't hit the target, really. Yeah, I mean, it depends how bad the archer
was. You're right. Yeah, maybe. Remember the Olympics? It was an archer who was like very famous
celebrity, Gina Davis. Gina Davis, Delmar and Louise. Yeah, she didn't quite make it into the
Olympic team. She placed 24th out of 300 people. I mean, that's, you know, I didn't quite make it
onto the Olympics. Do you know, I think if there's a linking theme to this episode, it's the sort of
tragedy of the transience of an actor's life. I mean, you've got Charles Hortry hoarding
the bedsteads. Gina Davis desperately trying and failing to make the Olympic archery team.
I mean, even even the Supercomputers branched out into cookery. Yeah, that's true. You do realise
this isn't only connect we're not looking for a link between all of them. You've definitely
even seen what the hell is that. I have a wrong to the full thing. So some mortality things.
There was a Greek philosopher called Philatus of Cause, who studied erroneous word usage so intensely
that he wasted away and staffed their... But we all do know somebody like that, you know? Yeah, you can't
leave me. Somebody who's such a pedant. Are you looking at me? You know, Captain Pinino.
James won't let us say Pinini because it's a plural. You'd say one pinino. If you order a pinini,
he will make you eat two of them. Yeah, plural's a fat macchew. Oh, you would say you order a
pinini. A pinino. I would say I would... I know, I'm sorry, you've got it a pinini. That's okay,
all right. Finally, someone who I've been thinking about for years. No, no, no. It feels so plural to you.
What do you say can I have a pinino? I do. James does. I think he... I would be trapped between
not wanting to be grammatically incorrect and not wanting to sound like a wanker, so... I think I'd
have to find some middle ground. Yeah, see, this is the kind of argument we have today. James is wasting
away at the moment because we're having a lot of fun. I found some stats in Australia. Contact with
a hot water tap is more deadly than a venomous spider in Australia. So, again, I'm sorry. If you're
a man that will go into a sandwich shop and say I want a pinina, I'm going to point out you that
it isn't. Okay. More people might die as a result, but that doesn't make the hot water tap more deadly
than a poison spider. You must have seen the next... The later series of "I'm a celebrity,
get me out of here" but they have to be locked in a cage with a hot water tap. It's the big series
back home. Australia's worst taps. It's a very dangerous tap this week. He's taking out six then.
Yeah, it's... Wait, so they would scold them to the point of death? Yeah, basically that. Wow.
Yeah, being scolded stuff. Is it only Australia? Australia is the only place I have figures from.
I've not heard this. This isn't like a cultural thing that I was told at school. No, I think it's more
that people think like bugs and things and trucks are really deadly, but actually the amount of people
they kill. Yeah, that's it, basically. There might be people who are very, very few people die of
kind of spiders in Australia because they have them. Yeah. But, I mean, isn't there a difference
between a kill and stupidity? Is it like the taps not trying to kill... That's a good point, actually.
Yeah. In the middle ages, they would have put the tap on trial as a deodorant. As a witch.
Yeah. Yeah. As a satanic object. As if he kills someone. What was the word you said? A deodorant.
What's that? So it's like they would have trials in the middle ages. If like a bow of a tree had fallen
on someone, they would put the bow of the tree on trial and... Wow. Yeah. I found a really one on the
QI talk boards that between 1658 and 1663, there were four deaths recorded in the
power of Lamplu in Cumbria because of death, frightened to death by fairies. That's an inexperienced
coroner who wants to cover his back, basically. Well, they've changed the rules now that you can't
die of natural causes in the UK. So they have to put something down on your death certificate.
Fairies, yeah. Fairies. No, it was in the throat. It's something. This is quite a nice thing.
The first ever funeral flowers were 13,000 years ago, which I find fascinating. So they...
Would we know that? Well, they found Stone Age graves. There's a Mediterranean
culture called the Natufians. I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing it. Twenty toothians listening.
But they built the first cemetery. So before that, there were only scattered bodies which had been
buried, but they were the first people who, where we found a hundred bodies in the same place. So we
think that's the cemetery. And archaeologists have found... I think there are mains of flower beds,
which would have been around and underneath the bodies as well. So that's the earliest evidence
we have for the use of flowers in a funeral ritual, if you like. Which I think is amazing. I think
that's rather nice, actually. And they were the first people who had a feast. The first ever feast
was the Natufians. And it consisted of 71 turtles. No, sorry, 71 tortoises. When I was a kid,
they... So in Hong Kong, they used to tell us that you would be vertical burials.
Okay. Space. Did you guys heard of that? I have heard of that, yeah. A lot of people live in
cemeteries in Cairo, as in they live in cemeteries. There's such a housing problem that thousands
upon thousands of people, and the city has these enormous cemeteries. It's where I always, like, when
we found out there's this thing about 30 million people in China living caves. They're just housing
caves. When you hear that, I just always think... I kind of thought I just knew where everyone was.
And then you discover there's just all these people living in these extreme locations. That's
a big number for a cemetery. How many people would you expect there to be living in cemeteries?
What, just none? I just thought... I mean, the fact himself was already it. I'm starting like...
12. Who's that? He's roaming. Yeah, he's about the right number.
Actually, there is a fact about... Is it Brookwood Cemetery, just outside London? If all the bodies
came back to life and became zombies, the population would be higher than Southampton.
Really? Yeah. Because some people... I've really gone a long way to come up with that fact.
I'm sorry it was me. I mean, given the unliklihood of all of the bodies coming to life,
here's my favourite fact about Southampton. Southampton once, and I think this was in some...
I mean, the 80s or early 90s, Southampton came second in a poll of the most boring towns in Britain.
What's brilliant about that is it wasn't even interesting enough for me. I mean, whatever one,
there's something wonderful about that place. Southampton is so boring. It's not even the most boring.
Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thanks so much for listening. If you want to get in contact
with any of us, you can find us on Twitter, I'm on @Sriberland and... @Miller_Andy @AndryHunterM.
@Xshaped @Victoria. @VictoriaCoron, which isn't even my name anymore,
but the new one is too long to change. Can you put just an M at the end?
I put a name on my tweeting name. I mean, listen, you all talk about supercomputers and I pretend
isn't what they are and I don't. You probably can change your fits and everything, but I don't know how.
Okay, if you want to hear all of our previous episodes, you can head to
nosuchthingasofish.com. They're all theirs, about 48 of them, and we'll be back again next week
with another episode. Thanks for listening, see you then. Goodbye.